well it is the first day of group stage
here at worlds with coverage presented
by you GG I'm joined right now by spirit
spirit is going to try to do this
interview in English we might need a
little bit of help from Steve who's off
camera but spirit what happened today in
that game because unfortunate maybe we
are forget about
heimerdinger we just to try our our
playing but enemy and I'm fitting girl
then so did you just forget or did you
cuz some people might think oh they
thought they can beat heimerdinger
heimerdinger's easy but or did you just
forget actually we know they can't play
Heimerdinger but we told is not the
nearly heart speak for us that it's not
will you ban heimerdinger next time i'll
of course you can never feel a heavy
thing anymore
yeah yes I just interviewed yang Coase
who said g2 probably will not get
heimerdinger again after that game so
we'll see what do you think your team's
chances are of making it out of your
group I think just train heart or so we
should have be a team you know we seem
s5 then it's just a trainer no worries
now many people won't they talk about
Korea and they talk about Genji or they
talk about Katy but Africa it's a little
quieter at least in the West less people
talk about Africa why do you think that
is do you think they are under
estimating you I think we are doing that
Lee good our performance was just just
nap that other other world players like
Genji or Katy they're doing really well
or so they show show of how to play how
to win the game but we are not so yeah
that's why they think we are
yeah are there any teams at worlds you
are afraid of no good too good to hear
do you I feel like in the past at worlds
if SKT is there everybody says oh SKT
will win SKT will win do you think it is
more open now that SKT is not here that
maybe more teams can win people feel
like their chances are better
I think if SKT here I think saying you
know other every team can can be a world
champion even if f kt SKT here okay oh
it's good I think we all understand okay
in the West the casters do something
where they call it top 20 and it's a Tut
they say who their favorite top 20
players are best top 20 at Worlds who
who do you think our top players here at
Worlds I don't need 20 but who are
spirits best players at Worlds I think
keen our thumbnail ingenious best player
one word yeah akina's all all of worlds
yeah okay because many people say Guzzi
or they say you know but you say keen i
think whose is second yeah number two
okey knees number one nice Kim Kim carry
you guys to victory so hard trihard what
is keen like because I feel like some
Western players don't know keen what is
his personality like he's kind of one of
the kid you know he's really calm
comfortable feels like some chocolate
coming
very calming okay so he keeps the team
calm and relaxed okay interesting
alright and do you think some some
people are saying world's meta will be
very top lane do you think that is true
it's a very top lane meta I think bottom
it I think bottom meta yeah okay alright
the tanker you know so not so it's all
bottom well we're running out of time is
there anything spirit do you want to say
anything to your Western fans sorry for
today Mitch
but next two minutes we're gonna beat
enemy so we're good thank you so much
spirit for the interview and good job
when your English is so good thank you
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of our world's coverage right here
on my youtube channel this is my seventh
worlds now and one of the coolest things
about Worlds is the the ability to
travel and just enjoy new things you
know it's really easy sometimes to stay
inside our comfort zones but if you
venture out you sometimes find that you
can have experiences you never expected
success you never anticipated and that's
why you know sometimes you're in
champion select you you got a venture
outside your comfort zone you got to try
a new champion because maybe the one
you've been playing you've been losing
on you know and and guess what I got a
great way for you to make an educated
decision about what champion go to the
link in the description right now
uggg they're our sponsor for worlds and
you can uh you can you can type in a
champion there you can learn all about
it maybe that's the champion you need to
take on the next adventure or journey
and your life because let's let's face
it like things you need something new I
don't I don't want to make this personal
but listen the whole point is you Gigi
will make sure you never lose champion
select again they're sponsoring our
stuff it's super helpful click the link
below check about super helpful for me
thanks so much